README.md, before:

# Inference Server
This server provides inferencing by hosting LLM.

## Dependencies
Tested on:
- Linux Debian 12 x64
- Python 3.11

Export env vars
```
export MODEL_REPO="TheBloke/dolphin-2.0-mistral-7B-GGUF"
export MODEL_FILE="dolphin-2.0-mistral-7b.Q4_K_M.gguf"
```
Create Python virtual environement
```
python3 -m venv v-env
source v-venv/bin/activate
```
Install dependencies
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Running
Enter the virtual environemnt created in the previous step
```
source v-venv/bin/activate
```
Run the Inference Server
```
python server.py
```

## Building Docker
```
docker build -t ernestbs/inference-server:v0.1.2-cu12.4-ubu22 .
```

## Running Docker
```
docker run --name inference-server --gpus all \
    -p 8000:8000 \
    -e MODEL_REPO="TheBloke/dolphin-2.0-mistral-7B-GGUF" \
    -e MODEL_FILE="dolphin-2.0-mistral-7b.Q4_K_M.gguf" \
    -e REPO_URL="https://github.com/brainstems/inference-server.git" \
    -e REPO_BRANCH="main" \
    ernestbs/inference-server:v0.1.2-cu12.4-ubu22
```

Commit message:

Directive to have GPU acceleration. libllama.so.

README.md, after:

# Inference Server
This server provides inferencing by hosting LLM.

## Dependencies
Tested on:
- Linux Debian 12 x64
- Python 3.11

Export env vars
```
export MODEL_REPO="TheBloke/dolphin-2.0-mistral-7B-GGUF"
export MODEL_FILE="dolphin-2.0-mistral-7b.Q4_K_M.gguf"

# These are required to have GPU acceleretaion.
export CUDA_HOME=/path/to/nvidia-cuda-toolkit
export PATH=${CUDA_HOME}/bin:$PATH
export LLAMA_CUBLAS=on
export GGML_CUDA=on
export LLAMA_CPP_LIB=path/to/libllama.so
```
Create Python virtual environement
```
python3 -m venv v-env
source v-venv/bin/activate
```
Install dependencies
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Running
Enter the virtual environemnt created in the previous step
```
source v-venv/bin/activate
```
Run the Inference Server
```
python server.py
```

## Building Docker
```
docker build -t ernestbs/inference-server:v0.1.2-cu12.4-ubu22 .
```

## Running Docker
```
docker run --name inference-server --gpus all \
    -p 8000:8000 \
    -e MODEL_REPO="TheBloke/dolphin-2.0-mistral-7B-GGUF" \
    -e MODEL_FILE="dolphin-2.0-mistral-7b.Q4_K_M.gguf" \
    -e REPO_URL="https://github.com/brainstems/inference-server.git" \
    -e REPO_BRANCH="main" \
    ernestbs/inference-server:v0.1.2-cu12.4-ubu22
```
